Stepper: describe API (#7166)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxStepper/9 Types/DisposingEvent/DisposingEvent.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> The type of the [disposing]({basewidgetpath}/Events/#disposing) event handler's argument.

Reviewer: This is a complicated possessive. And I see it repeats many times. I don't know if entire DevExtreme documentation maybe uses the same pattern. But I would change it to something like this: 

```suggestion
The argument type in the [disposing]({basewidgetpath}/Events/#disposing) event.
```

If that version works, please apply to other similar descriptions.
